c:\users\ivang\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ivang\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ivang\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ivang\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\obj\Debug\WpfApplication12.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ivang\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\ivang\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ivang\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\bin\Debug\VkNet.dll
c:\users\ivang\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\ivang\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\ivang\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ivang\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\bin\Debug\VkNet.xml
c:\users\ivang\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.dll
c:\users\ivang\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.xml
C:\Users\ivang\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\bin\Debug\VkClient.exe.config
C:\Users\ivang\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\bin\Debug\VkClient.exe
C:\Users\ivang\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\bin\Debug\VkClient.pdb
C:\Users\ivang\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\obj\Debug\VkClient_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\ivang\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\obj\Debug\VkClient_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\ivang\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\obj\Debug\VkClient.g.resources
C:\Users\ivang\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\obj\Debug\VkClient.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ivang\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\obj\Debug\VkClient.exe
C:\Users\ivang\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication12\WpfApplication12\obj\Debug\VkClient.pdb
